Updates upgrade assistant doclinks to point to current rather than hard-coded 7.17 (#147585)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade/saved-objects-migration.asciidoc

Each time you upgrade {kib}, an upgrade migration is performed to ensure that all <<managing-saved-objects,saved objects>> are compatible with the new version.

> NOTE: {kib} includes an {kibana-ref-all}/7.17/upgrade-assistant.html[*Upgrade Assistant*] to help you prepare for an upgrade.

Reviewer: Likewise, if you want to link to the revived upgrade-assistant page, rather than the 7.17 page, you can do this now:
```suggestion
NOTE: {kib} includes an <<upgrade-assistant,*Upgrade Assistant*>> to help you prepare for an upgrade.
```

> NOTE: {kib} includes an https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/7.17/upgrade-assistant.html[*Upgrade Assistant*] to help you prepare for an upgrade.

Reviewer: Not mandatory, but you can get the first part of this URL by using the attribute from https://github.com/elastic/docs/blob/master/shared/attributes.asciidoc?plain=1#L12
```suggestion
NOTE: {kib} includes an {kibana-ref-all}/7.17/upgrade-assistant.html[*Upgrade Assistant*] to help you prepare for an upgrade.
```
